[BEAM-14078] [Website] change link (#17077)
apache/beam: website/www/site/content/en/get-started/try-beam-playground.md

Beam Playground is an interactive environment to try out Beam transforms and examples
without having to install Apache Beam in your environment.

> You can try the available Apache Beam examples a

Reviewer: This should be "examples at", right?

Reviewer 2: Changed.

without having to install Apache Beam in your environment.

> You can try an Apache Beam examples at

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can try the available Apache Beam examples at
```
